they are absolutely adorable the yarn
Yoshi amiibo for Yoshi's wooly world
hey Nintendo fans and collectors lithium
here from my channel Nintendo collecting
bringing you another unboxing video and
review of some amiibo these ones of
course for the Yoshi the yarn Yoshi
amiibo for Yoshi's wooly world and they
look absolutely adorable as I did say so
these things actually came out in
Australia on June 25th then the next day
on June 26th in Europe there are few
weeks in Japan on July 16th and they
come with North America not for a few
more months we have to wait to get our
hands on these until October the 16th so
first and foremost these ones are
imported from Australia I actually did
not import them these all belong to my
friend named mark and his girlfriend who
desperately wants these back but he
offered them to me so I could open them
for this unboxing video and then I'm
going to return them to him so as much I
wanted as much as I want to keep these
in my collection forever I'm going to
import them myself or I'm going to wait
for the release of the game but at least
I can bring you an early unboxing video
of them so first let's just take a look
at the packaging for these it does say
the symbol of the game up here Yoshi's
woolly world
it also says green yarn Yoshi this one
says pink yarn Yoshi that one says light
blue doesn't just say blue which is a
little strange you do have a host of
different languages here because this is
from Europe and the background for this
packaging is a little bit different than
the Super Smash Brothers packaging
obviously in this one in the Super Mario
line usually have the name of the
character somewhere at the back but this
time around they decided to go against
that it's just some background art from
the game which does look absolutely
adorable in that kind of design with
some gems and jewels and the stitching
work which looks really cool and just to
take note if you care the height is the
same the width is the same but actually
the depth of this package is quite a bit
different I think the yarn Yoshi amiibo
are more comparable to the splatoon
amiibo that are a little bit more narrow
in terms of depth so if you're
interested in the box packaging that's
just the main difference there still
isn't intend to amiibo on the bottom
here this one obviously has the official
seal of quality it does say Nintendo in
Australia as well as in Tendo of Europe
on there and then on the back we do have
a little bit of a different design what
your amiibo can do appear in game level
up earn items and save your meece they
can do a few different things
use this amiibo to play with double
Yoshi in Yoshi's wooly world so when you
actually scan
in these two that game you get sooo
Yoshi's on screen to control which is
pretty cool it's kind of like the clone
Mario that comes up in Super Mario 3d
World that one is pretty awesome as well
there's like the double cherry in that
one so that's essentially what's going
on in this game so let's open up these
ones I think I'm going to have to start
just quickly opening up this green one
and thank you again mark for allowing me
to do this crazy I can get my hands on
them first before you even do in terms
of the physically doing it so I am using
my exacto knife to cut along these I'm
not sure if he's going to want to keep
the box packaging or not probably not
and I'm still going to try and open
these ones a little bit more carefully
to keep them in really good condition
Yoshi's personally probably one of my
favorite characters just because every
time I see him he immediately just makes
me smile and he brings me back to the
early days of Nintendo especially
playing Super Mario World when it was
the first time you could ever see this
yarn Yoshi amiibo crazy okay so when you
take them out it does it is attached
this kind of packaging on there so let's
just see is this tape drinking like that
I'm wondering how this guy is actually
attached alright so you do have to take
up some of the tape right here just
green so you can undo that and then he
will just pop right out so that looks
absolutely adorable just put that down
for a second there are a few other
things we on here it does actually tell
you how to get rid of that right there
tells you in two different steps to
remove the tape then take it out and
then on the bottom here we do have some
sort of an instruction manual for the
amiibo this thing seems really lengthy
it probably seems pretty boring but it
does come with something that you
probably want to keep if you're a
collector there is that steel kind of
cap on this that prevents you from
scanning in the amiibo still in package
but anyways let's take a look this
little yarn Yoshi amiibo this thing is
absolutely adorable as I've been saying
it is completely 100% made of yarn I
wonder how they need these and how long
it took to actually design these I was
watching that kind of creator walk
through when they were doing it the e3
press conference and the one girl was
talking about how she made some of them
on her own so the shell here is adorable
it's really really small that's the main
word I keep using the red shell is
slightly different than the orange
almost salmon-colored I'm not sure what
to call it I guess terracotta little
spikes that he has there and his feet
his little booties I want to call him
look adorable as well so does his eyes
these things are very very well made
incredible it does say Nintendo amiibo
there on the bottom
so you can know you're getting official
item it is made of polyester it does say
here all new material really cool a
little Yoshi tag there as well so just
quickly open up the other two in the
same manner I'm just going to move this
to the back and keep that kind of out of
the way let's do pink next I guess maybe
not ladies first in this case because I
had to open the original orange one not
to say yo she's a lady when it's pink or
it's not a lady when it's not pink but
not really sure pink just seems like a
nice good color it's strange I wonder
how they pick these three colors but
another thing that's really cool with
the amiibo in the game and other things
I think you can scan in different amiibo
and you can get up like a Mario Yoshi
so basically Yoshi will be wearing an
outfit that looks exactly like what
Mario would be if Mario was caked or
like basically put on top of Yoshi in a
yarn form which is really outstanding
okay so let's just take this off the
green tape pull that up and then out
comes your little pink Yoshi looks
absolutely cool so pink actually is a
really this is a really cool color my
wedding colors were green and pink so my
wife and I probably have to get these
one green in one pink one these are
exactly what we wore for our wedding
colors if you didn't know that so
obviously there's just a pink tag but
this one looks more the same looks
absolutely incredibly cute and let's do
the last one the last one being blue
just keep this there I'm almost getting
good at opening the all the amiibo with
this method of packaging especially when
you were going to keep the packaging I'm
not sure if I will be able to display
these anywhere and of course you want to
be careful opening this and not ripping
your yarn Yoshi amiibo at any points
there we go so this is the last one
let's just keep all the packaging maybe
back there
we've got one more green piece it's
piece of tape a piece of tape to get rid
of and I really wish Nintendo was
allowing these to come to North America
a lot earlier than they were making us
wait a few more months than the rest of
the world really doesn't seem fair but
this pastel color blue looks really cool
I think the different color choices are
not strange you have to have green I
think blue and pink makes sense as well
especially if you're trying to market to
different people to boys and girls into
everyone around
world of course you can probably almost
make out back here you can probably make
out the five main Yoshi colors that I
have the only ones that we're missing
then are of course we are missing red
and yellow but I do think yellow would
have looked a little strange so I think
they chose really really good colors on
these they do look absolutely incredible
they are worth that I think if you can
find it for roughly 15 to 20 dollars if
these go into over $20 I don't really
think they're worth it they're really
really tiny but keep in mind they do
have some sort of an electronic chip in
there which increases the costs on these
I think they're absolutely incredible
and of course the word that I keep using
is adorable so if you can find these for
$15 or buy them brand-new I think
they're gonna be worth it I don't think
these things will become all that rare I
hope you can still be able to pick these
up in store when it comes to that point
so please comment below what color do
you think you'd be picking up and if
you're interested at all in these yarn
Yoshi amiibo I think they're highly
worth it it's something completely
different and it's really really little
that's really neat to put on your desk
or to put on your mantle or to put
wherever you want just to show off that
you're a Yoshi fan and a Nintendo fan
thank you so much for watching feel free
to comment below what your favorite
color of the yarn Yoshi amiibo is and
whether you're going to be picking any
of these up feel free to fill that like
bucket follow me on all social media
links in description below the video and
remember as always go collect them all
and keep smiling while gaming